Okay.
Row level security system.
Okay, let me paint the picture here.
So this big customer in Germany
that we have, they have a client
of course, and this client is a big
company that makes coffee machines
in the whole Europe, like they are,
I think they, perhaps
they're the biggest one.
I don't know, but yeah, I
think they are the biggest one.
So they had this manufacturer system
that they log in, the coffee brand,
they log in and they see reports.
They have many reports on Looker
Studio that they are all embedded
with iframe into this application
and they were using like Google
login for these reports don't be
like explicit on the internet.
But at some point it was not
working for their staff.
So they requested us to make these
reports to have a public link.
And with a public link, all the data
would be exposed to the internet.
So the challenge here was, okay, how do we
hide the data if somebody finds the link.
Then this project started, I
architected the whole connection
of things into the system.
Beginning in the embedding platform that
would inject JWT Token and I implemented
and I planned the reverse proxy.
This reverse proxy was written
entirely, it was written in Python
and would intercept the initial
request from our front end.
With the JWT token, it'll
extract a lot of data,
check if that user can check the report,
it'll check what report we are talking
about, and then it'll fetch the
secrets that we need to actually show
the data back in the Looker Studio.
Because Looker Studio in this scenario
would be expecting
the, would be expecting secrets as
params in the URL and then we inject all
the way through the queries in BigQuery.
So it's a whole system.
So the goal was, okay, at the end, if
there's no token in the URL in the
beginning, we shouldn't show data.
So this was perfectly implemented.
I provided a very high quality
documentation for the report team on
how they proceed to actually adapt
every table or every report that
they wanted to have this feature.
And actually this feature was
replicated across other clients
from our customer in Germany.
So they were able to apply this strategy
to many brands, and they were very happy
because for the final customer,
they don't need to actually log
in with Google inside one platform
that they already have logged in.
So it was a strange situation.
So now it's seamlessly, like they
just enter the manufacturer portal
and they see the data that they
need to see, and if the link of the
report leaks somehow, they, someone
guesses, no data is exposed whatsoever.